docs:#1256: update intros with Redpanda flavors and deployment options (#1415)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/get-started/intro-to-events.mdx

## Redpanda differentiators

> Redpanda Platform is available in two flavors: the Community Edition and the Enterprise Edition. Redpanda Community Edition is free and source-available at the [Redpanda GitHub repo](https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda). Additional features are included with a license for Redpanda Enterprise Edition. You can then choose either a [self-hosted deployment](../../deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/) or a [cloud deloyment](../../deploy/deployment-option/cloud/). 

Reviewer: Instead of saying "flavors" (which makes me think of food), what about "versions"? Here's a suggested rewrite with parallel construction for the descriptions:

```suggestion
Redpanda Platform comes in two versions: the Community Edition and the Enterprise Edition. Redpanda Community Edition is free and source-available at the [Redpanda GitHub repo](https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda). Redpanda Enterprise Edition requires a license and includes additional features. With either version, you can choose a [self-hosted deployment](../../deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/) or a [cloud deloyment](../../deploy/deployment-option/cloud/). 
```
